The Raw Food Institute Presents: Weekend Transformation
Raw Weekend 
Raw Rejuvination Retreat
Weekend Raw Retreat

Weekend Immersion Class
Live Weekend
raweekend
weekend raw immersion
Raw Up Weekend
R.A.W. Raw ascendance  Weekend
R.A.W. Rejuvinate and activate in a weekend
Energize with Raw Foods
JUICE UP!
activate
RAMP.  raw activation and maintenance program
RAMP.  raw activation and motivation program
raise up with raw


A weekend with Lisa Wilson
weekend raw immersion
RAMP.  raw activation and maintenance program


       
Weekend Day Retreat 

Description:  Cutting edge health information, raw foods training, supported raw food detoxification, advanced healing and health techniques and more.  All the core classes from our award winning Live Immersion Program in three transformative days.

Location: ?? Washington DC

This life changing program includes:
 
         Instruction by Lisa Wilson

         Daily lunch and green juice

         Health and nutrition lectures from leading raw food educators

         Advanced healing and preventative tools

         Hands-on cooking workshops

         Hands-on workshops in raw food sprouting, juicing, equipment, dehydration, etc.

         A three day raw foods detox with medicinal raw and living foods


Program Highlights

Green Juice
Medicinal raw program based on the Ann Wigmore protocol.  Repair cells and detox your body.  Green juice will be provided throughout the weekend.

Gourmet Raw Meals
Delicious, healthy raw meals are included. Cooking classes, how to shop, equipment training and recipes will show you how to do it at home.

Advanced Training
Classes like Wild Edibles and Herbs will deepen your knowledge and understanding. Take your raw food lifestyle to the next level

Daily Schedule
Classes and activities 7:30am-6:00pm daily

Day 1 Arrive on Friday morning, orientation, introductions and green juice cocktails
Day 1-3 example:

7:30am-8:30am: Light exercise (Walking, Calisthenics,Yoga or Qigong)
8:30am-9:00am: FRESH Wheatgrass Juice!
9:00am-9:30: Morning Juice served
9:30am-10:30: Food preparation demonstration
10:30am: Mid morning GREEN juice served
10:30-12:30pm: Morning Lectures and Workshops
12:30-1:30pm: Lunch
1:30-5:00pm: Afternoon Lectures and Workshops
4:00pm: Afternoon GREEN juice served
5:00-6:00pm: Dinner
6:00pm-7:00pm:  Activity or a Movie



Amenities (remove this section?)

Energizing Activites
Yoga, qi gong, auricular therapy and more. Activate your body and mind.

Luxe Accomodations
The Raw Food Institute Live Immersion Program takes place at the beautiful Simsbury Inn.

Rejuvenating Treatments
Detox Sauna and Soqi bed treatment included. Massage, auricular therapy and reflexology available for an additional fee.

Class Topics Include
    
 Food as medicine
 Green juices and green smoothie how-to's
 How to grow medicinal foods at home
 Wheatgrass
 Sprouts and living foods
 Superfoods
 Digestive wellness
 The power of enzymes and living foods
 Hands-on food preparation
 Gourmet raw food preparations
 Dehydrating
 Food combining
 Seasonal Eating
 Raw food snacks and desserts
 Advanced detoxification techniques
 Eliminate toxins
 Environmental detoxification
 Whole food supplements
 Protecting your immune system
 Preventing serious disease
 Hormone health
 Energy work
 Removing heavy metals
 Breathing and meditation
 Movement and exercise
 MUCH more
   


Program Price
$997

includes all classes, green juices and lunch
does not include accomodations

